---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "warpstream_tableflow_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-warpstream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create, update and delete TableFlow clusters.
  The WarpStream provider must be authenticated with an application key to consume this resource.
---

# warpstream_tableflow_cluster (Resource)

This resource allows you to create, update and delete TableFlow clusters.

The WarpStream provider must be authenticated with an application key to consume this resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) TableFlow Cluster Name.
- `tier` (String) Virtual Cluster Tier. Currently, the valid virtual cluster tiers are `dev`, `pro`, and `fundamentals`.

### Optional

- `cloud` (Attributes) Virtual Cluster Cloud Location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud))

### Read-Only

- `agent_keys` (Attributes List) List of keys to authenticate an agent with this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--agent_keys))
- `bootstrap_url` (String) Bootstrap URL to connect to the TableFlow cluster.
- `created_at` (String) Virtual Cluster Creation Timestamp.
- `id` (String) TableFlow ID.
- `workspace_id` (String) Workspace ID. ID of the workspace to which the virtual cluster belongs. Assigned based on the workspace of the application key used to authenticate the WarpStream provider. Cannot be changed after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud`

Optional:

- `provider` (String) Cloud Provider. Valid providers are: `aws` (default), `gcp`, and `azure`.
- `region` (String) Cloud Region. Defaults to `us-east-1`.


<a id="nestedatt--agent_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agent_keys`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `key` (String, Sensitive)
- `name` (String)
- `virtual_cluster_id` (String)
